{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18100\viewh9640\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Write a Python application that displays the Earths temperature as related to the Carbon emissions.\cb1 \
\'a0\
\cb3 Data Files:\cb1 \
\cb3 Co2.html - Monthy CO2 carbon emissions from 1959 to 2018.\cb1 \
\cb3 Temperature.html - Annual global Temperatures from 1858 to 2018.\cb1 \
\'a0\
\cb3 Overview:\cb1 \
\cb3 The application allows the user to select a year where the data overlaps and and compares the co2 emission levels to the temperature for the selected year.\cb1 \
\'a0\
\cb3 Techniques to use\cb1 \
\cb3 Use these techniques in your code and clearly mark its usage:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0\'a0 * Comprehensions\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0\'a0 * Generators\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0\'a0 * Iterators\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0\'a0 * Lambda expressions\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0 \'a0\'a0 * Regular expressions\cb1 \
\'a0\
\cb3 FrontEnd.py\'a0 \cb1 \
\cb3 * Interacts with the user\cb1 \
\cb3 * Calls search methods in BackEnd.py\cb1 \
\cb3 * Displays the search results:\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- By Year\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- By CO2 level < average\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0- By CO2 level > average\cb1 \
\'a0\
\cb3 BackEnd.py\cb1 \
\cb3 * Design a class that is adaptable enough to store either Carbon Emission or Temperature data.\'a0 \cb1 \
\cb3 * Reads the data.\'a0 To the function that reads the data, pass it *args.\'a0 If the argument count is 1, read the file.\'a0 If the argument count is 2, use the passed regular expression to read and parse the file. \cb1 \
\cb3 * The Carbon Emission data contains monthly data per year.\'a0 Accumulate the monthly data for each year and store the average emission level in a named tuple.\'a0 \cb1 \
\cb3 * Store each year of the Temperature data in the same named tuple.\'a0 The + or - on the data indicate the temperature difference from the base average between 1960 and 1990.\'a0 Place the cumulative tuple in a default dictionary.}